---
title: 'Random Notes'
date: 2024-09-24
permalink: /posts/2024/09/24/blog-post-1/
tags:
  - notes
---

I am just going to jot down some notes while working on this.

* The markdown file (in _pages) have data between the '---' that can be used to modify how the page is viewed and acessed
  - `layout: (a name of a file in layouts)` this will affect how the page will render. 
  - `permalink:(a string of a directory path)` This is the link where one can acess the page. "/" is the default path people will land on. About.md already claim that in the template and will need to be change to make sure people will land on a diffrent page that permalink is "/". In other words, maker sure it is unique.
  - `profile:(true/false)` this will add your profile to the page as well as a social sidebar...but this depends on how the profile html is design(I think)
  - THere are more, but I can not discrible them yet do to lack of knowledge. 
* _layouts are used as the bulk of the webpage. They add html and data from _includes and sometimes _layouts. So these two loactions are used to format the pages.
  - `layout:(layoutname)` and `{% include (layout name and extention) %}` are ways to include other file, the latter being harder to discribe for me at this time. (I understand, but can not simplify it a this time). 
  - `{{ content }}` is where the markdown file will display if there anything beside the data added to it. 
* To include your own css or scss file without modifing the html directly, I belive you can include it in the main.scss in the assets/css. This I still have to test, but seems header.html sets the css to use main.scss. This mean if the layout do not include something that include header.html, the style will not be applied

