---
title: 'Fishing Minigame'
date: 2025-06-05
permalink: /posts/2025-06-05-blog-post/
tags:
  - notes
  - experiments
  - fishing
  - game
  - python
  - pyscript
---

[Fishing Minigame Page](https://mdylantk.github.io/webpage-test)

[Fishing Minigame Source](https://github.com/mdylantk/mdylantk.github.io/tree/master/Fishing_Widget) 

I made a fishing game to try to show how to use python in webpages, but to use it with github pages I needed to use <py-evn>. 
Recently I decided to check on it and found that the pyscript version it used was not hosted on the web nor any that still uses that tag.
I could not figure out how to use <py-config> or other version of it to work without having access to the server side.

I do admit I may be lazy and did not try to figure out how to load the file, convert to py or json, and then add the virtual filesystem.
All the commits I made to try to get py-config to work did not help this and I decided to do it the dirty way and add all the Python files to
the html file. Also, this means adding the json as a dictionary if it did not exist.

I do not want to use Python for the front end after this. I mean the load time before put me off, but I do not really trust pyscript now or well
I'd rather not invest time in it. I'll still use it for backend if needed.

Yeah, this is more random muttering on this issue.

NOTICE: I am working on a JS version to improve on some concepts and to create a base framework to help with creating content. Mostly it will provide point(vectors),
scene handling, signals, and things that help with coding like a enumator like object. Currently trying to clean it up and add the catching mechanic before adding it to git.


